Using hashlife renderer to render the brain. Need to find where the parser is for this thing.

The key is fill_square.
Seems the offset isn't working right... fix it.[DONE]

Check if the brain is supposed to have holes, check other nifti files.[FIXED]

So, we need a way to change the backgrounds of all the buttons
We will need to store all the shapes of the buttons
(Would it be easier to compute the shapes everytime they are changed?)
(Will need to test that.)

Let's first implement a single person then we will worry about how to change the buttons

Okay, we need to figure out how to keep the buttons away from each other.
Easy way would be a greedy approach.
Buttons NEVER need to move once we give them their coordinates.
We will be using a greedy approach. 
The button coordinates need to be stored correctly
We will have a 2d array scaled to 8x8/coordinate, we will fill the 2darray as we determine button coordinates

Allow them to toggle chems and the age
Purpose is to replace the numbers, we don't need to display numbers

Need to be able to see where regions are at a glance.
(Say I wanted to find the Anterior corona radiata left, how would I find that?)

Seems my notes are disappearing, this is a test.

---
We need to restructure our infrastructure to support adjusting the age range.[DONE, KINDA]
Let's just start with a range setter which changes the icons.
We CANNOT store the icons, there are too many possible ranges to store icons!
The range setter function will need to change the ranges and change the icons.
We need to store the ranges and the icons for each selection(For overlaying icon support)
We will have support for just TWO overlayed icons for now.
---
Overlaying icons:
Start by creating a second bar

Idea: Normalize maximum based on the maximum average value.[DONE]
ISSUE: This causes problems when we want to compare across age ranges.
We need to make the scales constant or it will misrepresent the data.


BUG: The dual sliders seem to change values once the mouseup event is fired.
BUG: We need to handle resizing
BUG: The bar only updates if the mouse is released on the bar
SOLUTION: Maybe set a release event on the main canvas?






I super super regret not using a database for this project...
Not sure... a database query takes time too.
